Jaden: NO-GOOD,
WORTHLESS "FLAT-TY"!
Jaden: WE'LL MISS
THE END OF THE DUEL!
ALLOW ME, SARGE!
I'LL SMACK
SOME SENSE INTO IT!
EASY DOES IT,
COWBOY!
Bonaparte:
HANDS TO
YOURSELF!
SHORTY'S RIGHT!
IT'S CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD'S!
AND HE'S NOT AN ENEMY
YOU WANT TO HAVE!
EXCELLENT POINT!
YOU AND I ARE ALREADY ON
HIS NAUGHTY LIST!
BUT WHAT HAPPENED?!
DID THE D WIN THE MATCH?
IT'S BACK ON!
Male anchorman: WE GO NOW TO
OUR FIELD REPORTER, LILY SKYE.
WHAT A MESS, SCOTT.
WE'RE STILL SORTING OUT
THE DETAILS,
BUT IT SEEMS THAT DURING TODAY'S
CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE MATCH,
A MASSIVE EXPLOSION
ROCKED THE KAIBA DOME!
Male anchorman: AND DO WE KNOW
THE FATE OF THE TWO DUELISTS?
I'M AFRAID WE DON'T, SCOTT.
BUT DUELING CHAMP THE D
HAS DISAPPEARED.
Male anchorman: THANK YOU, LILY,
AND STAY TUNED FOR...
THAT CAN'T BE GOOD.
D: SO NOW, YOU KNOW
THE TRUTH.
[EVIL CHUCKLE]
YOU SNAKE!
HOW COULD YOU?
OH, PLEASE.
YOU MEAN HOW COULD I NOT!
I NEEDED TO HAVE THAT CARD,
AND SOMEONE WAS IN MY WAY.
YEAH, MY DAD!
I THOUGHT THIS IS WHAT
YOU WANTED.
I MEAN, IF YOUR FATHER HADN'T
DISAPPEARED WITHOUT A TRACE,
I WOULDN'T BE
YOUR GUARDIAN,
AND YOU WOULDN'T BE
THE TOP DUELIST YOU ARE TODAY.
YOU HAD THIS ALL PLANNED.
THAT'S WHY YOU PRACTICALLY
HANDED ME YOUR FATHER'S DESIGN!
I WHAT?!
DON'T YOU REMEMBER
THE DAY WE MET?
WHAT'S THIS?
IT LOOKS LIKE A CARD!
Young Aster:
IT IS A CARD!
HUH?
IT'S THE BEST CARD
IN THE WHOLE WORLD!
AND MY DADDY
MADE IT!
HE DID?
THAT'S RIGHT.
HE DESIGNS
DUELING CARDS!
BOY, I WOULD LOVE
TO SEE HIS WORK.
THANKS, MISTER!
[GIGGLES]
D: I WAS DOWN ON MY LUCK,
BUT THANKS TO YOU,
THAT WAS ABOUT TO CHANGE.
OF COURSE, YOUR FATHER'S LUCK
HAD JUST RUN OUT!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS, YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
D: HE MAY NOT
HAVE REALIZED IT,
BUT YOUR FATHER WAS CREATING
WHAT WOULD BECOME
THE WORLD'S MOST POWERFUL
DUEL MONSTERS CARD,
A CARD THAT WOULD SOON
BECOME MINE!
JACKPOT.
Aster's father: ASTER?
HUH?
WHO ARE YOU?!
A FAN.
I'M JUST HERE TO BUY
YOUR NEWEST CARD.
HOW MUCH IS IT?
WHAT?! THAT CARD'S
NOT FOR SALE!
OH, WELL.
THEN I GUESS
IT'S ON TO PLAN B:
I'LL STEAL IT!
YOU CAN'T!
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS!
PUT THAT CARD DOWN!
DANGEROUS?
WHY DO YOU THINK
I WANT IT, PAL?
Light of Destruction:
AND THAT POWER SHALL BE YOURS!
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR AN EVIL
HEART LIKE YOURS TO AWAKEN ME!
[MUFFLED SCREAM]
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
UH!
Light of Destruction:
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
D: WITH THE ULTIMATE DESTINY
CARD AT MY FINGERTIPS,
I BECAME THE MOST SUCCESSFUL
DUELIST IN THE PRO CIRCUIT.
THEN, WE OFFICIALLY MET.
BUT YOU HAD NO IDEA
THAT TWO WEEKS EARLIER,
YOU LED ME STRAIGHT
TO MY LUCKY CHARM!
HOLD ON!
IF THAT'S TRUE, THEN WHY
DID YOU ADOPT ME?!
IT'S SIMPLE.
THE POLICE WOULD NEVER SUSPECT
A GENEROUS MAN LIKE ME!
AND IT WORKED.
THANK YOU, "SON."
WE MADE A GOOD TEAM.
YOU HELPED KEEP THE COPS
OFF MY TRAIL,
AND I FILLED YOU
WITH FALSE HOPE
ABOUT YOUR OLD MAN!
ASTER,
HE'S OUT THERE,
AND I KNOW WE'RE
GOING TO FIND HIM.
THANKS, D!
SO LEVEL WITH ME.
WHERE IS HE?
WHERE'S MY FATHER?!
PATIENCE, KID.
TRUST ME.
YOU AND YOUR POP WILL GET
TO HAVE A FAMILY REUNION
SOON ENOUGH!
IN FACT, I THINK
HE'S GOING TO BE PROUD
THAT HIS SPECIAL CARD
WORKED SO WELL!
COME ON!
AREN'T YOU GLAD
IT'S NOT LOCKED UP
IN SOME SAFE?
WELL, IF YOUR FATHER HAD
HIS WAY, THAT'S WHERE
IT WOULD BE.
THAT'S 'CAUSE IT'S
DANGEROUS!
OH, PLEASE.
YOU SOUND LIKE HE DID.
WELL, YOU'RE
BOTH COWARDS!
BUT NEVER FEAR
'CAUSE YOU'RE GONNA SEE
HIS CARD UP-CLOSE
AND PERSONAL!
TRUST ME, I'M NOT
SCARED OF YOU!
GOT THAT?
I'LL DUEL
FOR HIS HONOR!
IT'S ABOUT TIME.
GOOD LUCK!
I'LL START, WITH THIS!
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
DESTINY DRAW!
SO NOW, I CAN TAKE ONE
OF MY DESTINY HEROES
AND SEND HIM
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
THEN, I ACTIVATE THIS--
D-SPIRIT SPELL, WHICH
LETS ME SUMMON THIS GUY!
MY DIAMOND DUDE!
YOU WANT SOME MORE?
WELL, CHECK THIS OUT!
THANKS TO HIS
SPECIAL EFFECT,
I CAN DRAW ANOTHER CARD!
AND IF IT HAPPENS
TO BE A SPELL CARD,
I CAN USE IT
ON MY NEXT TURN!
THEN, I'LL ACTIVATE
OVER DESTINY!
THANKS TO THIS SPELL,
I GET TO SUMMON
ANOTHER HERO
AS LONG AS IT'S GOT HALF
THE LEVEL OF THE ONE
IN MY GRAVE!
SO MEET MY DESTINY HERO--
CAPTAIN TENACIOUS!
PLUS, SINCE MY DESTINY HERO
MALICIOUS IS THE ONE
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN REMOVE HIM FROM PLAY
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
ANOTHER ONE TO THE FIELD!
THEN, I'LL SACRIFICE
THEM BOTH!
AND NOW, I CAN SUMMON
MY DESTINY HERO, DOGMA!
[ROARING]
THEN, I'LL THROW DOWN A FACEDOWN
AND ACTIVATE
CLOCK TOWER PRISON!
THAT SHOULD DO!
NOT TOO BAD.
A LITTLE PEDESTRIAN
FOR MY TASTE,
BUT YOU'VE GOT
A BRIGHT FUTURE, SON.
IT'S A SHAME I HAVE
TO SNUFF YOU OUT,
LIKE I DID TO YOUR DAD.
YOUR LITTLE HEAD GAMES
WON'T WORK ON ME, D!
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
BUT NOT BEFORE
I DO THIS!
DOGMA'S SPECIAL ABILITY
WIPES OUT HALF
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
TOUGH BREAK, DUDE!
IT'S TRUE!
WHENEVER
YOU'RE HAVING FUN,
TIME SURE DOES FLY!
[CLOCK BELL CHIMES]
SORRY, BUT THAT BELL
TOLLS FOR YOU!
NICE TRY, BUT THAT TURN
WAS YOUR LAST
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE
THIS SPELL CARD--
CLARET NOTE!
WITH THIS IN PLAY,
FOR EVERY FOUR MONSTER
LEVELS ON YOUR FIELD,
I GET A PLASMA TOKEN!
AND NEXT, I PLAY
FIEND'S SANCTUARY,
WHICH MEANS
ANOTHER TOKEN!
THREE MONSTERS?!
THAT MEANS--
THAT'S RIGHT, KID.
IT'S TIME.
TIME TO SEE WHAT
YOUR DAD'S CARD CAN DO!
IT'S THE ULTIMATE
DESTINY CARD!
DESTINY HERO-PLASMA!
[EVIL CHUCKLING]
WHAT? NO!
IT CAN'T BE!
IT IS!
THANKS TO YOUR FATHER,
I HAVE
THE ULTIMATE MONSTER!
READY? BEHOLD ITS POWER!
NO!
[ROARING]
[EXPLOSION]
DOGMA! RRR!
THAT'S HIS GIFT.
PLASMA ABSORBS MONSTERS,
STEALING ALL THEIR ABILITIES
AND HALF OF THEIR ATTACK POINTS!
SAY WHAT?!
NOW, PLASMA, ATTACK HIM
WITH VENGEFUL REIGN!
AAAH!
Jaden: HDTV WITH
PROGRESSIVE SCAN
AND A PLASMA SCREEN,
AND STILL NOTHING!
I HOPE ASTER KNOWS
WHO WON.
ONE PROBLEM.
HE'S GONE!
YOU'RE RIGHT!
WHERE'S HIS BOAT?
Aster:
SO, TELL ME, D,
IS THAT THE BEST
YOU CAN DO?
CAREFUL. DON'T GO
OVEREXERTING YOURSELF NOW.
I'LL BE FINE!
WHAT ELSE YA GOT, D?
I'M GLAD YOU ASKED.
WHILE I WAS "VISITING"
YOUR DAD,
I HELPED MYSELF TO THIS--
THE SPELL CARD D-FORCE!
[GROWLS]
ASTER, MEET THE LIGHT
OF DESTRUCTION!
LET'S JUST SAY
THAT HE AND YOUR FATHER
GO WAY BACK ALSO!
JUST AS THE D AND SARTORIUS
LEARNED TO WORSHIP ME,
YOU WILL COME TO REVERE
MY POWER AS WELL!
YEAH, RIGHT, FREAK!
[D CHUCKLING]
I THINK I'LL PLACE
THIS CARD FACE DOWN.
ABOUT TIME! NOW I--
WHAT'S YOUR RUSH, ASTER?
REMEMBER, MY PLASMA ABSORBED
YOUR MONSTER'S ABILITIES,
SO YOU LOSE HALF
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
AAAH!
PERHAPS A BRIEF TIMEOUT
WOULD HELP.
WHY, ARE YOU TIRED?
'CAUSE I'VE GOT PLENTY
OF FIGHT LEFT!
I PLAY POT OF GREED!
AND NEXT, I SUMMON
DESTINY HERO DOOM LORD!
THAT MEANS I GET
TO REMOVE ONE OF YOUR
MONSTERS FROM PLAY!
GUESS WHICH ONE!
D: I GUESS YOUR DADDY
DIDN'T TELL YOU
SPECIAL ABILITIES
DON'T AFFECT PLASMA,
THANKS TO D-FORCE!
BUT THEN--
IT'S MY TURN!
AND I'LL ACTIVATE D-BOOST,
SO WHENEVER D-FORCE IS
MY TOP CARD, I DRAW TWO MORE!
DON'T FORGET, WITH
EVERY STANDBY PHASE,
MY CLOCK MOVES AHEAD!
[DING]
[THINKING]
JUST TWO MORE TURNS,
AND I'LL HAVE A CHANCE
TO WIN THIS!
HEY, SPORT, YOU STILL
CLINGING TO FALSE HOPE?
RRR!
JUST LIKE BEFORE,
RIGHT, KID?
DREAMING THAT YOUR DAD
WOULD COME HOME?
AND WHAT DID THAT GET YOU?
A LIFETIME OF PAIN!
STOP IT!
WELL, FORTUNATELY,
I'LL BE ENDING THAT SOON!
YOU'VE FAILED AGAIN!
[CHUCKLING]
I PLAY THE SPELL CARD
DRAIN TIME!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS.
WITH PLASMA IN PLAY,
I CAN FREEZE ONE
OF YOUR PHASES,
LIKE YOUR STANDBY,
WHICH MEANS YOUR CLOCK
IS FROZEN!
OH, WELL. YOUR PRAYERS
ARE UNANSWERED AGAIN!
AND NOW, PLASMA TIME!
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
CHILL OUT, D!
MY D-COUNTER TRAP
DESTROYS ANY MONSTER
THAT ATTACKS ONE
OF MY HERO CARDS!
HUH?
MY MISTAKE.
SORRY!
I SHOULD HAVE TOLD YOU
THAT SPELLS AND TRAPS
DON'T WORK EITHER!
UGH! COME ON!
I CAN'T USE SPELLS,
TRAPS, OR SPECIAL
EFFECTS?
WHAT CAN I DO?
THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT!
YOU CAN'T DO A THING.
AND SINCE YOUR FATHER
CREATED THIS CARD,
YOU HAVE HIM TO THANK!
HOW IRONIC.
THE MAN
THAT YOU'RE AVENGING
IS ACTUALLY HELPING ME
DESTROY YOU!
YOUR MOVE.
ALL RIGHT! STAND BACK!
I PLACE THESE
TWO CARDS FACE DOWN!
THAT'S THE ONLY THING
YOU CAN DO?
PATHETIC! HONESTLY.
AREN'T YOU GLAD
THAT YOUR FATHER'S NOT HERE
TO SEE YOU DISGRACE YOURSELF?
THEN AGAIN, MAYBE HE IS!
AND AFTER THIS,
YOU'LL BE TOGETHER AGAIN!
PLASMA!
FINISH HIM OFF!
HOLD ON! YOU SHOULD
HAVE BEEN DESTROYED!
I EVEN ACTIVATED MY DUST TORNADO
TO TAKE OUT YOUR CLOCK TOWER!
BEFORE THAT,
I ACTIVATED MY
ETERNAL DREAD TRAP CARD!
SO THAT MEANS
MY CLOCK TOWER
CAN KEEP ON TICKING
TILL THE WEE HOURS, D!
BESIDES,
AS SOON AS YOU TRIED
TO DESTROY MY TOWER,
MY DREADMASTER STEPPED
IN AND PROTECTED IT WITH
HIS INVINCIBLE BARRIER!
SORRY! EFFECTS DON'T WORK
AGAINST PLASMA!
I KNOW, BUT MY GREED
PACT CHANGED ALL THAT
'CAUSE THIS TRAP EVENS
EVERYTHING UP!
HUH? WHAT?!
THAT'S RIGHT!
NOW, WE BOTH HAVE
TO DRAW A CARD.
AND SINCE D-FORCE
ISN'T YOUR TOP CARD,
PLASMA'S NOT INVINCIBLE!
NOW, DREADMASTER!
ACTIVATE YOUR OTHER
SPECIAL ABILITY!
DIAMOND DUDE AND CAPTAIN
TENACIOUS RETURN!
INTERESTING STRATEGY, KID,
BUT IT WON'T WORK!
I RESURRECT MY D-FORCE!
AND THEN, I'LL TOSS OUT
800 POINTS
TO ACTIVATE MY UNFAIR
JUDGE SPELL CARD!
THANKS TO THIS,
IF NO MONSTERS ARE DESTROYED
IN THIS BATTLE PHASE,
THEN PLASMA CAN ATTACK
EVERY ONE OF YOURS!
WHAT?
GO AHEAD, PLASMA!
[THINKING]
I'M SORRY, DAD.
I FAILED YOU!
Aster's father:
ASTER, MY SON, DON'T GIVE UP!
HUH?
[THINKING]
HE'S RIGHT!
I HAVE TO BELIEVE
IN MY DECK!
THESE CARDS MAY BE ALL
THAT'S LEFT OF HIM.
ALL RIGHT, D. GAME ON!
NO WAY!
IT'S THE LAST CARD
MY DAD EVER GAVE TO ME.
IT'S MINE?
YES.
YOUR FATHER WANTED YOU
TO HAVE THIS GIFT, ASTER.
A CARD?
"THE DARK ANGEL."
BUT ITS ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS
ARE ZERO!
SO WHAT'S IT
GOOD FOR?
[THINKING]
OH, WAIT!
I GET IT NOW!
IT'S PLASMA'S
ONLY WEAKNESS!
I'M SENDING
MY DARK ANGEL
TO THE GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO ACTIVATE
ITS EFFECT!
NOW, I'M ABLE
TO RESURRECT IT!
GREAT, SO NOW,
WE'RE GOING IN CIRCLES?
NOT QUITE!
GUESS WHERE
HE RESURRECTS
TO, D.
HE GOES TO THE TOP
OF YOUR DECK!
MY DECK?!
I'M AFRAID YOUR D-FORCE
IS OUT OF COMMISSION
FROM NOW ON!
AND THERE'S MORE!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE THE
FIELD SPELL DARK CITY!
AND IF MY HERO'S
ATTACK POINTS ARE LESS
THAN YOUR MONSTER'S,
THEN HE GETS
1,000 MORE TO HELP
BALANCE THE SCORE!
I SUMMON DESTINY HERO
CELESTIAL!
CELESTIAL, ATTACK HIM!
AND GET THIS--
WHEN HE ATTACKS YOU,
YOU LOSE MY DOGMA CARD,
PLUS 500 LIFE POINTS!
LOOKS LIKE YOUR PLASMA'S
NOT SO TOUGH ANYMORE!
YOU CAN'T!
THIS IS CALLED PAYBACK!
FOR MY FATHER!
HOW CONVENIENT.
[CHUCKLING]
'CAUSE YOUR DAD'S RIGHT HERE,
WITH SOME FRIENDS!
[ALL GROANING]
HUH?
DON'T LOOK SO SHOCKED!
IT'S PLASMA'S SECRET POWER!
I GUESS YOUR DADDY
DIDN'T TELL YOU.
HIS PLASMA HERO CAN ABSORB
HUMAN SOULS AS WELL!
[GASPS]
[MOANS]
SURPRISE!
THE FIRST SOUL WAS
YOUR FATHER'S!
ASTER?
HELP US!
IT'S ME--DADDY!
[GASPS]
FATHER!
YUP, THAT'S HIM,
ALL RIGHT!
STILL WANT TO ATTACK
MY PLASMA MONSTER?
GO AHEAD, KID!
I DARE YOU!
I CAN'T!
ASTER!
ALL OF THIS IS
MY FAULT, SON!
BUT, DAD...
IT'S TRUE. WHEN I BEGAN
TO CREATE THAT PLASMA CARD,
THERE WAS A LIGHT.
IT WAS A DARK LIGHT!
THE LIGHT
OF DESTRUCTION!
I WAS WEAK!
IT TOOK ME OVER.
I KEPT TRYING TO STOP
BECAUSE I KNEW
THAT IT WAS DANGEROUS!
I TRIED, BUT IT WAS
TOO STRONG.
BECAUSE OF ME,
THE MOST DESTRUCTIVE POWER
IN THE UNIVERSE IS FREE!
YOU HAVE TO STOP IT, SON!
BUT HOW?
Aster's father:
THE D IS JUST A PAWN!
THE TRUE EVIL EXISTS...
IN--INSIDE SARTORIUS!
IT DOES?!
HE'S POSSESSED!
THE LIGHT IS
MANIPULATING HIM
SO IT CAN TAKE OVER
THE WORLD!
PLEASE, ASTER!
FORGIVE THIS OLD FOOL,
AND STOP THE LIGHT!
BUT DAD!
I'M PROUD OF YOU, SON.
NOW, PLEASE,
SAVE MANKIND!
FATHER!
I'LL DO IT!
I PROMISE!
AND I'LL FREE
YOUR SOUL!
WHAT?! BUT THIS IS
IMPOSSIBLE!
THANK YOU, MY SON.
BUT DAD!
[ROARING]
HUH?
BYE, POP.
D: ASTER!
THIS ISN'T OVER!
I SHALL RETURN AGAIN!
YEAH, RIGHT.
ASTER!
WHAT HAPPENED HERE?
TAKE THE ROPE! HURRY!
ALL RIGHT.
ONLY ONE THING LEFT.
SARTORIUS, HERE I COME!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS,
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW,
LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON,
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪